General Information
-------------------

FCGI-Spawn is extension of FCGI-ProcManager for those who need not ( almost )
to write any of his/her own Perl code.  This is the quote of
FCGI-ProcManager's explanation:

"FCGI-ProcManager is a process manager for FCGI.  By implementing the
process manager in perl, we can more finely tune FastCGI performance, and 
we can take CPU and memory advantages of fast forks and copy-on-write UNIX
process management characteristics."

But unlike this, the FCGI-Spawn is intended for those who need to have the
FCGI daemon with those specifications:
- communicate via given UNIX local socket
With UNIX virtualization environments like jail(8) the socket name and its
desired file mode is the stuff you posess for communication betweeen Web
server ( FastCGI requester ) and FastCGI daemon.
- execute any given file in FastCGI environment
File name to execute is given with FastCGI protocol
- fork with the given number of processes and share the compiled modules code
  in common memory areas with copy-on-write facilities.

There were no quick recipe yet, so i gave myself a try to implement one. :-)

Installation
------------

FCGI-Spawn is expected to compile and run on the same systems range as
FCGI-ProcManager is.

To build,

  perl Makefile.PL
  make all
  make install

Usage
-----
In order to use this process manager, you should create an executable Perl
file expected to being launched as a daemon. I recommend the daemontools
package, so it will be called `run' in this case. Also, you should configure
the UNIX system user and/or group to launch the daemon with. `To configure' I
mean both the environment and ulimit(3). And, the target daemon user should be
able to create, and communicate via the socket set as an argument for
FCGI-Spawn instance creation ( the new() method ). And, hold in mind that the
FactCGI requester ( the Web server ) should be able to operate via this
socket, so after creation it should be writable by Web server user. To satisfy
this, I recommend the FCGI-Spawn daemon user be included into the same group
as Web server and socket's permissions should be 0660.
I tried to organize the request loop operations with using the pm_pre_dispatch() / pm_post_dispatch() 
but could not keep in frames of its assumptions.
Refer for more usage details to 
perldoc FCGI::Spawn
perldoc FCGI::ProcManager


Copyright
---------
Copyright (c) 2006-2008, Peter Vereshagin <peter@vereshagin.org>


Disclaimer
----------

This library is free software released "AS IS WITH ALL FAULTS"
and WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES under the terms of the GNU Lesser
General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which can be
found in the "COPYING" file of this distribution.

